and ladies and gentlemen, a loaf arrived
kiss goal
My name says it had to be for my name
were you going to say my name had the notion
silva in the bay
oh yes too many people
ai ai ai ai
Laiana bora bora bora fortress
already brazil multishow is good live music
also comes from the guria that set fire to
end of the victory continued coconut aroma of
vanilla vodka red bull follows with your
amiga gonçalo and win by
jokingly asked the name of the eye
I feel and I see that you are going to date
I kissed this girl and found a hotel in
tv for request because it will get hot
Where did you have help from us only from here?
because it is girl who broke it did not mention
neutrons with her I go back to live
future and the hole flow
lacked money on the street k all with her
that is not
watching the zeca game in the yellow band
best obscene gesture that led me to
winner trophy to play I do not know
you and I take the hat is dancing
That
At night our night is ours
I saw you singing right hats
she spoke of the love passion said great
respect is good for our boots then ok
with me and maybe comes what I want
continue in Tupi and Botafogo only
beach partnership in south of mg
your posture as a princess moment
magical with black light be motel
It guarantees that we travel the sport in the
world that is out there and follows the trail
sound
those who say that the magic is gone
was not drinking coffee thrilled
impresses around the mouth over the
beautiful already takes several scenes to do with
hunt king as he is leaking kiss
Loving you was good at your motel's asking .
to take her, she thought, everything hurts
the board
I concentrated and took off my hat.
You 're holding them so I've seen you giving
Shooting my hat, I 'm going to the fortress sky.
procel procel the sky of you take a bore
Procel wants money, the sky is gone
procel sky rock swing will rock
Wow
Ai ai ai my samba Brazil the show
Pagoda is tone
oh look there
Wow
the black joke knows what it is
I'll get you on time.
this mine one thing I'm going to say
because when she passes everyone wants to see
And the way she walks, she gets to give
Heat, the heat, I realized that I was
I had way street and it means that I am
to provoke me
call me, it's video, you understand.
Oh my god, she just wants to play.
If you play with fire you will become
burn to draw attention blouse
take-it-fall on my hand looks like
I want to make you crazy, I want to see what.
You hide underneath the clothes, but I already
to freak out
Then I'll come in the river exchange.
to correspond for strength sings he
world to the fan is what I think cables and
Egypt
Who comes to stay with you?
It's not enough but what I want to see you
She says how it will take all day
the role of father
It's the world will never do I'll do it all
Right for you
You will not regret it so come
but what I want to have a child and
disconnected will remove everything that the ports
I think the car will order
So give me a minute of your attention.
Do you know that Tutti Olhão has been around for a long time.
I'm going to take your picture on my cell phone.
When you called I'll call you 10
tv + rate let me get you
It's just you tell me the time and place it goes.
having treatment vip democracy will be
sorry
ana sky will only play if you play with
Fire you're going to burn
Andrew draws attention not only hopefully
fall that was my hand and said I want
the team just do not want you to hide
under my clothes do not drive me crazy
so I'll come more here
match no one wants fortress goes
here
I did not arrive, I think I want to see
You uneb and I'll tell you what to throw.
shot firing pin strip pa
Do not give it to me.
here
No, I do not do it but it does not even do
take everything I like I 'm capable of
pretty people
a and so to cin this bar